new blogarticle about puppet-checkmk (#690)
voxpupuli/voxpupuli.github.io: _posts/2026-06-11-new-puppet-checkmk-release.md

---
layout: post
title: puppet-checkmk dusted off 🧹🦊
date: 2026-06-11
github_username: marcusdots
---

> VoxPupuli's puppet-checkmk [\[1\]](https://github.com/voxpupuli/puppet-check_mk)[[2]](https://forge.puppet.com/modules/puppet/check_mk/readme) had become invisible on the Puppet Forge. [\[3\]](https://forge.puppet.com/modules?q=check_mk) The Forge has a simple filter: No updates for a long time? Hide it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vox Pupuli's puppet-checkmk [\[1\]](https://github.com/voxpupuli/puppet-check_mk)[[2]](https://forge.puppet.com/modules/puppet/check_mk/readme) had become invisible on the Puppet Forge. [\[3\]](https://forge.puppet.com/modules?q=check_mk) The Forge has a simple filter: No updates for a long time? Hide it!
```
